Thank you for watching.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
I thank you for all people.
What time is it in Australia right now?
It is the morning.
You are so funny, Diana.
Well, it is good enough, right?
We have some things to pray about.
And I know it is late.
There are probably not a lot of Americans still awake right now.
I figured most of you have gone to bed, but we will pray with the people in Australia.
We will pray with the people in Asia, whoever is awake, and we will just go through this.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Spirit right now to pray.
So, we are going to attack something.
We are going to fix something.
We are going to work on paving the road.
Well, good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Good evening.
Good morning.
Early morning for some folks, but we just came on tonight to pray with y'all.
It is our nighttime still, but I told Diana, "I feel inside we should pray.
" I was going to come on earlier, but our church had a get-together, so we went to that and now we are here.
I just feel an urgency to pray.
I talked to Donne Clement on the phone for a little bit about the guest speaker she had today on her broadcast about the 'Big E' and the new fuel sources and things, and just praying over things.
Whenever you hear other prophetic ministries and what the Lord is dealing with them, I'm telling you, there are major things about to happen.
God is stirring in His people.
I am so excited to be a participant in this new wave of the prophetic, a new wave of the glory that God is about to do in this earth that we have never seen before.
I have been stuck on this praying in the spirit and these new sound waves and talking to Donne about the new sound waves because of her father and what the Lord told me about Kim, that he was ahead of his time for what the Lord was already showing him prophetically.
It was revolutionary, a forerunner for music and divine sounds.
That is what I was trying to talk to her tonight about: the divine sounds that the Lord keeps talking to me about, about this frequency of Holy Ghost sound waves with new impartation of music that we have never heard before.
The Lord just keeps stirring in me about this whenever we are hearing about this new glorious outpouring that we are about to experience.
There is going to be heavenly sound, heavenly music from the throne of God, a divine reversal, flipping the status quo.
What we have always seen before, the Lord keeps stirring in me, "Brandon, I'm doing this.
Tap into it.
" You will tap into it by faith by believing that you're going to get into it.
I believe I receive the heavenly sounds.
I believe I receive the heavenly music from the throne room that we are about to hear.
We're about to experience something we have never experienced before.
This was what the Lord was showing me with this heavenly music, with these divine instruments and notes.
Even when I told Donne, I said, "Donne, about this when your dad would hit these certain notes," she goes, "Yeah, and he would make us all do that.
" I said, "Because he was getting it from the Lord.
" It's the melody and he would hit those keys on the piano.
He would start playing into that prophetically and he would have those sounds.
He would repeat them.
That is what I have Braden do now on a loop.
It's what I did.
I told him, "Play that music again through the house.
Play that.
It's prophetic.
" Every time, it pulls me in the vein, doesn't it?
It is absolutely amazing.
Because I don't know how to play an instrument, but if I did, I would be training on the...
maybe the Holy Spirit would lead me.
I don't know how Kim Clement learned how to play, but I'm sure, of course, with a lot of practice, it is glorious what God is about to do.
I just felt in my heart to talk to her and it was amazing to hear where she is at and what God is doing with her and her ministry and what she feels where we are in the end times.
Honey, we feel that there is a major shift coming.
Even when we are praying tonight, like this morning, Diana and I were praying and we went out and I was just cleaning out the car.
Diana said, "Let's go out and clean out the car" because our car was messy from Megan, and the Lord just started downloading prophetic things that were coming.
It is as easy as Brother Hagin said: it will be as easy as a fish swims in the water to tap into the supernatural as a bird flies in the air.
And when the Lord said to me, when I didn't know that word existed because Sister Billie showed it, I said it will be as easy as taking a breath to start tapping in.
I am just believing we are going beyond the veil.
We are going beyond what we have ever experienced before with the Father at His throne.
It's time for a divine intervention in the spirit for finances.
That is why the Lord told me, "Brandon, you don't have enough stretch marks in the spirit realm.
You're not pregnant enough for believing big.
You must believe Me bigger for what I am about to do in this earth.
" Spiritual stretch marks, you know?
Most women don't want stretch marks when they get pregnant.
It is like Pastor Kenneth was saying: you don't want stretch marks when you're pregnant with a baby, but being pregnant with a supernatural baby...
In the vision that I saw, and this sounds really weird, but remember Octomom who had all those babies?
She was ginormous and her stretch marks...
this is what the Lord was showing me.
She had eight babies.
That was on a level that nobody is familiar with.
Eight babies and all survived.
The Lord showed me that is where He wants us to be, believing so big that you are full.
You have vision.
You have expectation for what God is about to do.
The water is about to break.
Your vision is about to be birthed.
You're walking in a divine reversal.
Everything that you have ever believed for has an expiration date.
It's time for the body of Christ to have exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
We see what is going on in the world, but I'm telling you, God is on the scene, and it is time to start to believe.
I told Donne, we were talking tonight on the phone with her, it's time to believe for the supernatural like we have never experienced before.
I'm excited about what God is doing and you get stirred up talking about what He's telling us privately, expecting Him to show up and show off in your life, that the best is yet to come.
The best is yet to come.
Yes.
God is birthing churches right now in some of you.
I just heard that God is about to birth pastors.
You've been in the waiting.
You've been on hold.
You feel like you've been on the sidelines, and he's putting you in the game.
You've been in that place of transition.
And I'm telling you, the Lord is calling for people for a supernatural.
It's all hands on deck, like I've said, for ministry like we've never seen before.
And I'm just believing for that time for you—like I told you, he's putting in the closers.
And who are the closers?
The ones that were built for pressure.
The ones that are built for pressure.
He's putting in the closers.
It's not time to shrink back and hide, but it's time to put in the people that have backbone and are being courageous.
So, I want you to be encouraged.
It's like L.
A.
Marzulli asked me to come on there and talk about this 3i-Atlas and what we see coming in the sky.
And you know, like I said, I'm always real hesitant to do these collaborations and talk about other things on other people's channels, but I'm interested because of what the Lord has shown me.
Not necessarily about 3i-Atlas, but because we're about to have a deception—I warned you all about this alien deity that is false.
This is not alien; it's demonic.
And so what I'm trying to tell you, I've seen it and I saw it again.
It's about 12 feet tall when it comes on the scene.
It looks like a log creature or a rock creature and it's dark.
It looks demonic.
It will be black and very demon-like, and it will come on the scene and you'll go, 'Brandon, that is way out there.
' I'm telling you, I've seen this in the spirit more than once.
It's about 12 feet tall and it will sit on a platform and have a conversation with the news media in the days ahead.
I don't know when, but I'm telling you, the Lord says a great deception is coming that will fool a lot of people.
A lot of people are going to believe what they're about to see.
But it is a demonic spirit that is sent to deceive the nations.
And I told you, remember where I saw it?
I saw it over the Vatican.
I saw it hovering over the Vatican.
It looked like a flying mothership, like something off of an Independence Day movie with Will Smith.
A massive mothership thing will be over the Vatican, and this demonic thing will be over that and the Mayan temples in South America and the Mexico area, and it will fly and hover, and then all these little balls of light will shoot out of it like the size of cars, and they'll start shooting all over the world.
They'll be at the speed of sound and people will be seeing them, and it's going to freak everybody out.
I don't say the speed of light; it's the speed of sound and it's going to freak everybody out.
That's what I saw in these visions.
What the Lord shows me about this demonic entity—it involved lightning and lightning bolts and all the stuff coming off of this.
It looked like something out of a sci-fi movie.
And I saw heavy-set women—what I saw in the vision—with signs saying, 'Welcome ET.
Welcome to Earth.
Welcome to America.
Welcome.
' And they were celebrating on top with this light shining on them like you would see in the alien movies, like they're excited about this.
Just fly.
It's too late for you in the year to be out here.
Fly.
Get out of here.
It's just a pest.
You holding that sign celebrating, saying 'Welcome to Earth' with their tinfoil hats on.
And I started to laugh about this, if everyone remembers, and the Lord said this is not funny.
These people are deceived in what's about to take place.
So, it's something I'm going over as L.
A.
Marzulli wants to talk about some of this stuff because obviously he believes something's going to happen, too.
I don't know.
I haven't talked to this man, but he emailed and I know I have a stirring inside that something major is about to take place, some kind of great shaking to awaken.
And I'm expecting folks, I've told you about wars.
It's like tonight at the church gathering thing we had, I was talking about the plague.
I talked to some people about the plague and what the Lord showed me about this massive plague coming that will make COVID look like a walk in the park.
And it's like when you're talking to people, whether they receive it or not, they look at you kind of like a cow at a new gate.
You ever seen a cow chew its cud?
Any of you farmers out there, you know what I'm talking about?
You see a cow and you're telling them something, you're going, 'Hey, cow.
' And the cow goes...
that's what they look like.
Some people when you're telling them that, because they look at you like, 'Is this guy on something?
' All I know is I hear in part, I see in part, I'm praying in the Holy Spirit and I'm doing the best I can with it.
And I know some people that may not hear like that.
They look at you like a cow at a new gate, and they look at you like this guy is on something bad.
But I'm trying to warn you all that a major shaking is coming.
And I'm telling you, a virus worse than COVID is coming.
COVID was a tester run.
I'm telling you COVID was a trial run as a pretest.
I know people don't want to hear that, but they wanted to see the response.
And what I saw coming in the not-too-distant future, the Lord said this is going to wipe out tens of millions of people.
And so you know, people get all scared...
I'm not here to scare you.
I'm here to prepare you and you better get your house in order and pray.
And all these fearful sights will you see.
Remember this.
The Lord said, 'Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knee.
For a great shaking to awaken is upon this world, but a great revival, a great awakening.
What will you do with the timeframe that I've given you?
' And that's what I was talking to her tonight about.
We were talking—I say her, we both were on the phone—that's what I'm trying to say.
We were listening and bouncing off about the AI and the inventions and the things that her father saw to believe God for the supernatural to walk in a divine money for this end-time harvest.
'You're quiet.
' 'I'm listening.
' 'I know.
But I want you to impart.
I don't want to just run this thing.
You have so much wisdom and I always feel like I just talk over you.
This girl is full of it.
She can run this channel by herself.
No, I'm really...
' 'She's smart.
That's why I go, let her talk.
Do you have anything?
' 'No.
' 'I know you don't.
I want you to talk.
' 'I will pop in if I need to.
Tell us what you have in there.
What do you feel?
' 'If the Holy Spirit leads me, I'll say something.
Tell me what you want, Bob.
' 'I don't have anything to say.
Tell us what you want to hear.
' 'I want to hear what you say.
What you're saying is anointed.
No, it's good.
I want to hear what you have to say.
No, it's anointed what you're saying.
There's a flow.
You go.
' 'Well, it's all...
' 'You know, you have the gift to give.
Tell me what you want to hear.
' 'No, I want you...
you're doing amazing.
' 'Herb.
Herb.
Shut up, Herb.
I don't want to.
' 'Okay.
All right.
Sorry.
Our own humor.
' But anyway, as we were praying over the weather, the Lord showed me a picture.
What did I tell you?
As you have authority over where you are, speak to your weather.
Speak for the rain to come.
And I said, 'I'm calling in five inches of rain to break the drought in this area.
' I called it in over my area.
And I do it all the time, don't I?
And I say, 'We speak to where we drive, where our area is.
We have authority over the weather.
' And I call in the rain from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
Now, I want to show you this map.
That's the rain that we called in.
Do you understand?
Look at how much rain we got in our little area.
It saturated where the rain came in from there and went right over our area.
See Tulsa?
You see Tulsa on there?
We got overflow.
Now, everyone else didn't get that.
And I'm not trying to say how great we are, but that's the difference between knowing who you are and what authority you have to call in the rain and using scripture to back what you pray.
And that's just what we train ourselves.
Your faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God, and having authority and knowing your authority over the weather.
I'm trying to show you.
Did you show them?
Yeah.
Let them see it a little bit more.
I want them to understand that it's not about Brandon.
It's not about Diana.
It's about you.
And God is trying to teach you through this channel that you can call those things that be not as though they were and speak to your weather.
When we were in a drought all through August, September, and October, and they started saying, 'Well, it looks like it's turning around,' I said, 'No, I was preoccupied in the spirit realm with other things, but I didn't have time to pray over the weather.
' And that's when the Lord said, 'Now, call it in now.
Take authority over that drought and break it and fill up your ponds, your lakes, your rivers, and your streams now.
' And look, that's like two weeks of praying, and boom, it came in.
So, what I'm trying to tell you is you have the authority to pray over Africa and Australia.
That's good.
Yeah.
You have authority to pray over your area.
Call the rain in.
You don't need me to do it; you do it.
You speak to your mountain.
Your mountain has to hear your voice.
And drought is a curse, and we're not under the curse.
Drought is not of God.
Overflow, abundance, and rain are of God.
And so I want—that's why I'm trying to tell you—not to brag, but to tell you it works.
It's fruit.
It's fruit of what I'm trying to tell you.
Fruit.
It works.
But you have to be fully persuaded that what God has promised you, He's able also to perform it to change your weather.
Here we have Melissa, mighty Melissa down there in the Gulf about to hit Jamaica with a category 5.
Now, we're going to pray for them.
They need help to protect them and to strengthen them to go through this, because this thing is going to go right over the top of them.
And it looks in the natural like it's going to totally devastate the island of Jamaica, and that's not God.
We need to pray for them and help them.
And the other thing is praying over our brothers and sisters in Nigeria, that they be protected from this genocide that's taking place in their nation over the Christians in their nation.
So those are the other things that were on my heart.
And then the other thing I thought was interesting: Who remembers the word that I said, 'King LeBron James and the king will be dethroned'?
Did I have that, Braden?
Yeah, I didn't have to say it; you said it.
Well, if you don't have it, son, and it's not ready, that's fine.
What about that?
Okay.
And the other part, remember whenever I heard...
Oh, you got the clip?
Yeah.
Okay.
Remember this?
What day was this?
How long ago?
September 23rd is when I started hearing about LeBron James and what the Lord was saying about basketball and the things that were coming to our sports.
Can you play it, or is it good?
'LeBron James will retire.
I hear LeBron James will retire.
What in the world am I hearing?
All this stuff flowing into me.
I see something about sports, about certain key figures calling them kings.
They'll be dethroned.
What is this, Lord?
Some of these people are pompous.
' He says there'll be a humbling within.
A humbling, humbling, humbling.
They're so hungry.
They're looking for...
Is it live?
Yeah, it's live.
Okay.
So, I was seeing...
when I was telling you all I saw something coming, this is the gambling ring that's being uncovered right now.
That was on September 23rd, almost a month ago.
Now we see in the news a major gambling ring has been uncovered in America involving basketball.
And they say LeBron is involved—allegedly.
I have to say that.
Allegedly involved, right?
And it's all on the news, on the things in America.
Very serious stuff.
If this escalates the way I saw it, this is deeper and darker than what people realize.
And I thought that was very interesting.
We got that on September 23rd, and here it is about LeBron.
I said, 'What am I seeing?
' I'm seeing it, but I didn't know how to say what I was seeing.
It's right here.
Okay.
So, does that make sense what I'm trying to tell y'all?
Do you see?
When you're seeing in part, you hear in part.
It's not a coincidence the Lord tried to tell us.
He's trying to warn us about that which is to come.
So we know we're praying over Canada, and the Lord showed me a great shaking coming to Canada.
And then President Trump is very upset with the nation and said we're going to increase a 10% tariff on your stuff because they're trying to interfere with the Supreme Court judges and things like that, and he was upset about it.
There was a lot more.
Then we see the things about Venezuela, and I warned you about Venezuela and what's coming to Venezuela and the escalation of things with Venezuela concerning the oil and joining up with Russia.
But Russia is upset because Trump is putting sanctions on their people.
And this is where I saw at least 25 states...
if they don't pass the budget by Saturday of next week, they're going to cut off funding on the first for all of the government-funded programs.
And I told you, how many times have you had those videos?
Do you show that?
No, baby, I'm talking about me saying it.
No, you don't?
We'll do it in another video.
But the article's right here.
They're wanting to cut off all funding for food stamps.
Break forth if we don't pray.
Break forth in these cities with worse than the BLM riots.
It was worse than the BLM riots back in 2020, 2018, wherever it was.
And I saw them stealing from department stores, the people stealing from the department stores, and it was mayhem everywhere, and it was awful from what I saw.
And they brought in martial law, similar to what President Trump is doing right now concerning ICE and the rioting and all the things going on.
But there was so much martial law in all these cities they locked the cities completely down.
Does anybody remember that?
I saw martial law taking place in all these things.
You couldn't come out.
There was more to this.
I saw this clear back in 2024.
And so now we see an opportunity for that vision to come to pass on Saturday.
So we pray it doesn't.
I pray it doesn't.
You know, like I said, I don't believe I am a prophetic voice like some of these people are.
I believe I have a prophetic lens and that we're called to pray.
That's why the Lord said, 'Brandon, you will be known for prayer.
This channel will be known for prayer.
' That's what we're—Diana and I, our main lane.
We are called to pray with y'all.
And He said, 'As you pray together as a family, as you pray as a couple on this channel and we bring the prayer to the people,' He said, 'you'll change things all throughout the world.
There will be a...
it'll be going a certain direction and we'll change it through the power of prayer.
' So, we're believing God that the Democrats and Republicans will not do what they're about to do because what I've seen is not good.
Right?
So, let's read this, and this will encourage them about the blood—pleading the blood of Jesus before we start praying—and we'll take communion with y'all.
Are you okay to read it?
Okay.
And this is from The Precious Blood of Jesus by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
The Precious Blood of Jesus.
It's a little pocketbook.
This is from chapter three; it's about pleading the blood in case they want to find it.
I once heard a speaker—speak up real loud if you can—who had been a spiritualist pastor for nearly 20 years before he was saved.
The man said he was sincere and honest; he just didn't know about Jesus.
He said that they had all of the gifts of the Spirit in counterfeit in his church.
If the devil was going to set up a counterfeit church, naturally, he'd pattern it after God's genuine church.
'We sang the same songs that you sing in Christian churches,' the man said.
'But there was one thing that bothered me.
We could sing about the blood of Jesus or the name of Jesus.
But when we began to sing, "There's power in the blood," those spirits got agitated.
' Yes.
Jesus said, 'In my name, they'll cast out devils.
' But did you ever stop to think that the power behind it all is based on the blood?
You must take the whole Word of God, not just part of it, to rightly divide the word with this truth.
When I came into Full Gospel circles, I remember they were always talking about pleading the blood.
I didn't know what they were talking about until I began to examine the scriptures on the subject, and I noticed one thing in particular: when they did, they got results.
You can't argue with success.
About this same time, I read a testimony published in a Full Gospel periodical.
The author was a woman missionary who had been left behind in a native village to take care of the church while the other missionaries were away.
She went to the main part of that village and said she was examining some goods when a scorpion stung her.
She was out on the street when it fastened itself to her hand.
So many of the people saw this.
She said, 'I just shook it off and said, "In the name of Jesus, I plead the blood.
"' Did you ever stop to think that the name of Jesus wouldn't work if it weren't for the blood?
It all goes together.
The missionary noticed that everyone was watching her, waiting for her to die because no one ever survived the sting of that kind of scorpion.
There was no antidote for it either.
But the missionary just went her way, walking back toward the little mission church.
The whole village followed, still waiting for her to fall over dead.
But nothing happened.
She went inside the church and the villagers thronged after her.
In fact, they couldn't all fit in the church.
Since the church was full, the missionary decided to hold a service.
Even though it was in the middle of the afternoon, she was never affected by the scorpion sting.
She said, 'In the name of Jesus, I plead the blood against this.
' You see, her understanding of the blood was a little different from most people's.
So, I picked up that phrase, 'In the name of Jesus, I plead the blood,' from those Pentecostals.
And all through these years, I've always pled the blood in the name of Jesus.
There's power in the blood.
Glory to God.
It worked quite well for me, and it'll work for you, too.
There's power in the blood.
As the Bible says, 'And they overcame him,' the devil, 'by or because of the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony,' confession.
The blood of Jesus Christ is precious because of its song-inspiring power.
In Revelation 5:9 it says, 'And they sang a new song, saying, "Thou art worthy to take the book and to open the seals thereof, for thou wast slain and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood.
Glory to God out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation.
"' This is a new song for new souls and a new sphere.
So let us look again at Revelation 1:5: 'Unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood.
' And then there's a prayer.
Do you want me to?
Yeah, go ahead.
I love it all.
She could read the whole book tonight and I would—I love her reading to me.
It's my favorite.
It says, 'Heavenly Father, thank you for Thy precious Holy Word.
Thank you for the blood—redeemed not with corruptible things such as silver or gold but by the blood of the Lamb of God, Jesus.
Thank you, Heavenly Father, for the fellowship we have with you.
We have fellowship with the Father, with the Son, and with the Holy Spirit.
We have fellowship one with another because we're walking in the light and the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin.
' I'm clean.
I'm clean.
I'm clean because the blood of Jesus Christ has made me clean.
Thank you, Father.
'He hath put away sin,' thank God, 'by the sacrifice of himself.
' Thank you, Lord.
That's wonderful.
And how does faith work?
By love.
If you're in strife, your faith's not working.
You got to make sure you're walking in love.
In these last days where we are right now, faith works—it has always done this.
But even more so, I'm telling you, you need to check your love walk.
Check your love meter.
You okay?
In Jesus' name.
She's healed; no more drainage.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
My baby's healed.
You know, faith works by love.
And if you're in bitterness and strife and all this stuff in your marriage and you ain't getting along—and husbands, it even talks about your prayers being hindered if you're not honoring your wife.
And that's why it's so important to honor your spouse.
Honor your wife, husbands, because your prayers will be hindered if they're not.
That's what the Bible says, doesn't it?
Yeah, it does.
So, I'm not saying you may have a wife that's not very nice to you.
I have a good wife.
But you may have a wife that's not very nice, and it might be hard to want to honor somebody who's not very nice, but love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
And I'm telling you if you push through it and you keep doing the Love Dare or whatever, you'll make it on the other side of it.
And it hasn't always been easy, has it?
There've been hard days when Megan was first diagnosed and we went through some rocky, hard times.
But it's when you keep pushing on—and I don't even think you can have a good marriage unless it's been tested.
You're still in the honeymoon phase unless there's a testing in there to be able to have some stuff going through it.
But we've been married a long time.
Yes.
And I'm so thankful that we stuck it out.
I'm so thankful that no matter how hard the times get, you keep pushing on and praying together and you say, 'Hey, we're going to make this work.
I'm determined.
' I'm going to kill that fly.
So, but faith works by love.
Hey, and my friend Billy Burke sent me this prayer shawl.
Wasn't that nice?
He gave me a present.
He sent it to me in the mail and I hadn't even opened it, but I had it like this and I told D, 'Isn't this neat?
' It's a dark one.
I have all kinds of prayer shawls—a light blue now and I have a dark blue.
I pray with this a lot.
The anointing has saturated this one.
I pray over this and this is like a navy blue.
But this is a navy blue.
It's pretty.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
I was so excited.
He sent it to me in the mail.
I said, 'My friend Billy Burke, I sure love him.
' He sent that to me.
I was like, 'Wow.
' You can have this one now if you can use it.
That'll be yours.
So, yeah.
But I just wanted to tell you all we love you.
We pray for every single one of you.
And I know that we're on the right road.
I know we're doing what God has called us to do.
You can feel it stirring in the spirit.
And whenever it comes to this end-time church rising up and being that backbone, being that church that's ready with divine reversal—no, not divine.
We're always there.
I don't know why.
Contenders.
I always say that he always has the right one, and I say the one that was before.
No, it's contenders.
I want to be a contender.
I don't want to be somebody who's just barely getting by.
I'm a contender.
We're contenders.
I could have been a contender.
Whatever.
So, let's take the body and believe God together today for whatever you're believing for.
Let's pray over our brothers and sisters in Africa.
Let's pray over the other persecution that's going basically worldwide, from North Korea all the way around.
There's a lot of craziness going on.
Russia tested a new missile today.
Russia did.
And what did I tell you all?
The bear is getting poked.
And we're about to see Putin with a great Apollyon influencing him, running around him like a Tasmanian devil, spinning like that cartoon Bugs Bunny, moving all around him, influencing his mind to create World War III.
And this is the part that I told you we must pray even more.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, you're not going to stop some of this.
This is going to happen.
You're going to see acceleration in some of these places.
' And this is when I saw Berlin.
I heard, 'Bring down that wall!
' A Ronald Reagan-type spirit coming on leadership, more like a Ronald Reagan or President Trump over in that area, standing up against this.
And Putin is upset.
This is where I saw a great acceleration of things.
He even canceled the meeting with President Trump, and they won't even go and meet with each other.
We're not even going to talk.
That's how upset they were.
So I'm like, what is going on?
And we've got to pray for this today.
We have trouble at home.
We have trouble at our own homefront right now when it comes to this budget.
We need that thing to pass so that people get their subsidies.
Not that I want to give to everyone, but people who are struggling that genuinely really need this.
That's different from people that are just being mooches and not trying to help themselves.
I want to say this: we don't want the rioting.
We don't want the pillaging.
We don't want to see these people acting up on Saturday if they don't get their money.
It's like people throwing a fit like a little baby having a tantrum.
You're going to see a big tantrum, an adult tantrum on Saturday.
There's a bunch of adults having a tantrum because they didn't get their free stuff.
And I'm telling you, I've seen it and it looks bad.
So, we don't want this.
I thought it was later on down the road, but if it's now—from what I've seen coming with martial law, folks—if this gets ugly and if the Democrats keep doing this and the Republicans keep doing this and they keep butting heads like this, you're about to see something you never thought you'd see in America.
You think BLM was big?
This is nothing compared to what I saw.
Martial law in all these cities.
And Trump will do it.
You've already seen them doing it, bringing in the National Guard.
And it was completely grid down.
I'm talking all down with barbed wire fencing.
I saw barbed wire fencing going up all around; makeshift fencing was being put in all these major cities and they were locking down the cities with barbed wire, and they weren't allowing anybody in without checkpoints.
That's how serious it got in these visions that the Lord showed me.
And people say, 'Oh, that would never happen.
' It looked like a third-world country for America, with burning cars and looting buildings—Nordstrom's and burning up Nordstrom's and burning up Macy's.
I'm talking about just going in and ransacking these places.
Do you remember the visions of what else I saw about that, son?
It's been so long ago.
Do you remember the rich pawning off stuff?
Yeah, the rich started pawning off their watches and their cars.
I remember that they started pawning off Rolexes.
They started pawning off their Ferraris, their cars, because they were trying to just get money to pay their bills because it started to be an economic crisis.
It started to turn into a 1930s-style crash.
Now, the Lord told us he's giving us more time for the body of Christ.
That's why I was talking to Diana tonight about that financial outpouring.
We need that.
And we stand—we're contenders.
We're standing for it.
And the Lord said, 'If you don't fight for what belongs to you and tell the devil, "You get under my feet,"' we have authority.
We're going to have this and you're not going to bring on the beast system quickly.
It's like trying to escalate this thing going into a quicker tribulation, quicker end-time.
We need the timeframe for a revival.
I told you a great shaking to awake is coming.
But it's like whenever I talked to my friend, he said, 'How is all this going to happen with the revival?
' I said, 'Listen, it will go like clockwork.
God's going to do this.
' It's going to be a major harvest of souls.
And maybe the outpouring of finances has already been beginning, folks, and maybe I'm not hearing it right.
I'm human; we can miss it.
What if he's talking and we're not listening closely enough?
What if he's already talking to you and we're not hearing it right?
What if I'm not?
I'm not going to sit there and always tell you, 'Hey, he is always right on.
' No, that's pride.
I want to be the first one to say it: hey, listen, you could be missing your timing on something and miss it.
I don't want to miss the boat.
When we saw gold hit $4,500 an ounce and silver hit $50, did you move on it?
No.
Not like I probably should have.
But now if you look at it, when you're seeing in part and you hear in part, you don't know the timing of things and you're trying to pray into stuff.
I'm just telling you, I'm just human just like you all are.
And I go, 'Man, Lord, I want to be a part of the end-time outpouring of finances.
Show me.
' But here, I see all these shakings and all this stuff going on.
I'm like, that's a little wild, isn't it?
It gets your flesh a little like 'uh-oh' just because of what I've told everybody that I've seen.
And when I saw that in the headlines about November 1st, I went, 'Oh no.
Surely we're not there.
' Not yet.
So that's what we're going to pray about.
So, Father, I just thank you for your body that was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this great nation.
And we thank you, Father, that we are always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've called us to do.
The blood of Jesus Christ is against the wicked that tries to come against us.
And we thank you, Lord, for your angels that you keep charge over us and you bear us up in your hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I apply the blood of Jesus over my house, over my children, my wife, and my finances.
And we thank you, Lord, that we overcome them by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
And we take this body right now in Jesus' name and we thank you for it.
Lord, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us tonight.
We are coming from the top of her head to the soles of her feet—over me, my wife, my son, and my daughters.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us, over our house, over our finances, and over our pocketbooks.
Father, over everything we put our hands to, we are more than conquerors.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for your anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Father, that greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
We plead the blood over us today and we take our rightful place and seat in the name of Jesus, far above all principalities and powers and might.
We thank you, Lord, that we're seated and we say, 'You will not touch us.
You will not hinder us and you will not harm us.
' We're covered by the blood.
No sickness, no disease, and no occultic assignment of any kind shall come nigh us in the name of Jesus.
And every tongue and every word that comes against us, we condemn it.
And we apply the blood all around us in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, for the promises are yes and amen.
Goodness and mercy follow us all the days of our life, and we say we dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
And we take the blood in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
Let's just say, Father, what can wash away our sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make us whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
I believe it.
I feel the anointing.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you for the blood.
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
Oh, no other fount I know; it's nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
What can wash away our sin?
What can make me whole again?
What washes it away?
Only the blood.
And it will never lose its power.
For it reaches to the highest mountain, and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day, it will never lose its power.
For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, it flows to the lowest valley and it reaches to the highest mountain.
The blood of Jesus that gives me strength.
The blood of Jesus.
The precious blood of Jesus.
The precious blood.
The blood of Jesus Christ, His Son, cleanses us from all our sins.
It cleanses us.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Just giving God praise for the blood.
Giving God praise for communion.
Don't take this lightly.
When you take this, it represents something in the spirit realm.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
There is power, oh, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Somebody is just getting free right now from depression.
There has been a gloomy Gus around your house.
You've had a spirit of heaviness around your house to the point that it felt like it's choking the life out of you.
But the Lord said there's power in the blood.
There's power in the blood, the precious blood of Jesus concerning your circumstances.
And He gives us a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.
And He said, 'Praise Him right now about the blood.
Praise Him over what He did through the blood.
Praise Him for the blood of Jesus.
' We give you praise for the blood of Jesus, for there's power in the blood.
There's wonder-working power in the blood.
We give you all the praise and the glory for the blood of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus, for it has never lost its power.
It has never lost its power.
And He gives us a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.
We speak to the spirits of depression, and you will not have us because we know from the spirit of anxiety to the spirit of fear to the spirit of torment—of everything—you are free in the name of Jesus by the blood.
By the blood.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
What can make me free is the blood of Jesus.
It's time to get happy.
You've got to get happy.
You've got to shake it off.
The enemy tries to throw his best darts at you to try to knock you down, but He said He gives us a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.
You've got to praise Him.
You've got to give Him praise.
Read books like this: The Precious Blood of Jesus by Kenneth Hagin.
It's a little pocketbook.
I don't even know if they sell it anymore.
But you found it for me; my friend found it for me.
I love those little booklets.
Yeah, the blood of Jesus is precious because it has redeeming power.
That's what it said.
The blood of Jesus Christ is precious because it has redeeming power.
The blood of Jesus Christ is precious because it has cleansing power.
It washes us.
Do you remember what Billy Burke said?
You can be forgiven, but then there's being cleansed.
Being forgiven from sins and being cleansed from sins are two different things.
You can be forgiven of sins, but being cleansed of sins is two different things.
You know, one day we should have him on here and let him just talk.
You all will be so blessed by his wisdom that flows out of his mouth.
I know he's busy all the time, but man, it would be if we could get him for an hour.
I would ask him the hard things.
He is full of wisdom.
You've got to pick these generals' brains that have been in the Word for a long time.
I don't know, I just felt to keep talking about the blood.
It's Halloween time, you know.
And I don't ever give the devil any credit in our house ever.
But during this month especially, even more so, I get radical about the blood of Jesus and get radical about your covenant with the Lord.
You need to understand that He's given us a covenant.
And as He is, so are we in this world.
And most people say, 'What does that mean?
' I'm an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Listen to me.
Be an ambassador.
What does an ambassador of America have?
Everything they need.
I am an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Diana is an ambassador.
My son, all of us—we're ambassadors.
We belong to heaven.
I'm a citizen, not an alien—that sounds stupid.
I am a citizen of the Kingdom of Heaven.
I am a joint-heir with Jesus Christ.
I am a citizen of heaven.
I am not of this world.
I am going to go home to my heavenly kingdom soon.
Not anytime soon, but one day if the Lord tarries, we're going to go home and be with Him.
But we're believing for the rapture.
But right now I am an ambassador of that kingdom.
I am a joint-heir of that kingdom.
And everything that heaven has backs me.
Everything that heaven has because I'm an ambassador from that kingdom.
My Father lives there and He has all of it.
He has the cattle on a thousand hills.
He has the Treasury Department.
He has the war room.
He has the healing hospital wing, whatever.
By His stripes, I'm healed.
He has everything.
And anything I'm lacking on this earth as an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ, I have from Him.
So, I have healing.
I have power.
I have a sound mind.
In 2 Timothy 1:7, I have that.
I have a scripture that says that greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
I am an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ and I have his financial aid.
How much is that?
Whatever my Father has in his treasury.
If he paves his streets with gold, whatever is in his treasury.
My Father has a treasury that is full, isn't it?
So, I know that I lack no good thing.
That is what the Bible says.
I lack no good thing.
Not only that, I have the protection of his angels, his heavenly host, just like Paul and Silas in the prison.
They gave God praise and the walls began to shake and the chains fell off.
Through that same power and authority that delivered Paul and Silas out of the prison—did I mess up their names?
Sometimes I just start talking and it is flowing out of my spirit.
I said, 'What is that, Brandon?
' That is right.
I mess up names a lot sometimes, but we know that God set them free out of that prison because of what the Word says.
So we have the same ability; God is going to get us free if we need freedom.
That is what I am trying to say to y'all.
I believe with all my heart that it is time, even more in these months ahead, that you understand the power of the blood of Jesus.
That is why I read these books, these pocketbooks, to stir yourself up.
'Prayers: Praying to Get Results.
' You have to read that to me when we are done here.
It is a short read too.
It is only 71 pages.
71 little pages.
If that were a regular-sized page, it would be less.
I would like to know what he is saying.
I am not promoting the book for any reason other than I feel a lot of you do not know this stuff.
You have to get this stuff down in you.
This is the only way you are going to be victorious, walking in victory.
You overcome him by the blood and by the word of your testimony.
So Father, we just thank you for this time of prayer tonight, and we lift up Jamaica before you, our brothers from the deep South, the Caribbean area.
We thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray for Melissa to decrease.
You said there was weather weaponization and weather experiments going on right now.
Even tonight, they are experimenting with the weather.
This is weather warfare—experimental weather weaponization.
You will see it.
Oh, I see it.
What am I supposed to say to that?
When I see stuff like that, I am going to call it out just like I saw it.
I do not have a choice.
A lot of times I see it and I want to change it.
It is going to look like a catastrophe.
It is going to look like an atomic bomb went off on the island.
I just saw it.
It will look like something out of one of the worst movies you could ever see.
I am talking trees; it is going to look like a war went on there and there will be devastation and death.
I have seen the areas.
So we pray for anybody that is in harm's way concerning this, for this will be a very catastrophic event.
It has the potential to cause a lot of loss of life.
What I just saw was very clear in the vision.
Where the eye of the storm goes, it will be catastrophic—complete decimation—and the loss of life will be tremendous.
So, we pray for this thing to fall apart and that the people would get out of harm's way.
They will know exactly where the eye of this storm will be and there will be no confusion if they can get out of the way.
I know the winds and the waters are already hitting really hard.
Make sure they are in a safer place because of the storm surge I just saw.
So, Father, I pray it.
I pray that you poke this storm Melissa's eye out.
We call shear into it.
We call that eyewall to fall and to break down quickly, that it would lose strength in the name of Jesus.
We pray a hedge of protection over every believer on that island and around that area.
Father, may your hand of protection be around our brothers and our sisters.
We say in the name of Jesus, no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ all around that island and over every child and every person involved.
Father, I thank you for supernatural protection, and parts of Cuba.
We pray that the weather weaponization would stop now in Jesus' name.
Experiments.
I see experimental weather.
You are about to see something you have never seen before.
Weather weaponization and weather warfare, even concerning these low-pressure systems with cyclone like weather manipulation for snow.
It is like when the wind is blowing off of a low pressure and the snow is coming in so much that it is causing catastrophic winds from blowing snow.
I see the wind blowing over the Buffalo, New York area.
This area is for major wind and lake-effect snows.
Bigger drifts.
I see Buffalo, New York; it is highlighted to me.
There is an intensity coming to the weather—weather weaponization and manipulation.
There is this cycle concerning earthquakes.
I see it.
It looks almost like a stock market chart.
There are highs and there are lows, and it is a cycle of how the earth is.
This is about where it comes down and it is about to shoot up.
It is like birthing pains.
Whenever you see a pulse on a heart monitor, an EKG, this is the way it is.
It will be faster and faster as the birthing pains come.
The heartbeat.
And that is the way the earthquakes will come: down, up, down, up.
There is about to be another uptick in the Ring of Fire again with great acceleration.
The Lord says to me, it is going to come down and then go up, but it is going to shoot up rapidly.
It is like the plates of the earth get a little relief and then there is pressure.
You will see more pressure from the binary system.
The binary system—you need to hear me.
It is causing pressure on the sun to cause things to be different.
Now, I know there are people that believe in flat-earther.
I am not one of them.
But I am telling you, I see by the Spirit of God, there is a shaking that is coming to the world and it is influenced even more from the binary systems.
People get really ticked off about that stuff, but I do not care.
I tell you what I see.
And there is a shaking coming, an influence on the sun with magnetic disruptions.
I see it.
There is an uptick in volcanic activity.
Things are going to start to shift.
But what we are seeing right now is weather manipulation.
Weather for superstorms and super cells concerning weather.
There will be big rain events and major rain events.
Are you okay, love?
Do you need a tissue?
Good.
There will be major weather events, major earthquakes, and major things.
But this is about the superstorms, weather manipulation, weather warfare, and even super cyclones concerning weather in the winter.
There will be huge blizzards, even in the most unlikely places.
Don't just look and say, "Well, that's up north.
" No, pray against ice storms in the most unlikely places.
Pray against long-track ice storms that would stretch over thousands of miles.
Catastrophic ice storms.
You might say, "Brandon, you sound like you're full of good news.
" No, I'm telling you what I see.
I see the pink on the map; this is what I saw: it started in Oklahoma and it went clear up all the way past Tennessee, all the way past the Kentucky-Ohio area.
It was light pink, then it went dark purple in the middle, and it went up like this.
It was a long-track ice storm that started and went clear into Alabama, clear up into the Ohio area, and it went straight across the whole nation.
A long-track ice storm is what I saw; I saw the shades of purple on the map.
I don't know when, but that's what I saw: pink, dark, lighter, and dark purple.
We all know what that does to power lines and tree limbs.
We don't want that stuff.
It is weather manipulation and weather weaponization.
We call against that and speak against it.
We will not have long-track ice storms or long-track power outages; we're not going to handle this stuff.
Thank you, Father, that we have authority over the weather.
Just like we were talking about earlier, we have authority over the weather.
We call the rain in, and we call for temperatures that are too cold to cause ice like that.
Now, I don't know when, but I'm telling you, I just saw it.
Usually, that means it is coming and it is something we need to be praying against.
We pray over Australia's rain; we call rain to come forth over Australia in the name of Jesus.
Supernatural rain is coming over Australia.
Do you have anything on your heart?
I keep getting that there are great financial blessings coming; I hear it in the spirit.
The wind of change is coming.
I see them trying to break down the peace agreement in the Gaza Strip.
There are rifts.
I see America trying to strong-arm—that's what I hear.
America tried to strong-arm Israel because of pressure they are getting from the outside.
I see JD Vance and the Trumps getting pressure from the outside to try to push Israel to do something.
Israel is doing this, and they have Hamas, and they try to stir up all this, and there is like a rift.
We are trying to be the negotiators, but as this negotiating goes, you have all these other nations putting pressure on America to put pressure on this.
It is like a dividing wall.
You have the big wave coming of the sea, and you have the break between the United States and Israel.
It was a three-stage event, and I saw pressure coming against America to take the land for a two-state solution.
We pray over our leadership to stay strong.
We will not have a two-state solution; we pray against a two-state solution from pressure coming against America to try to push a divide.
Stay on the right side.
We will remain a sheep nation; we won't go to a goat nation.
We pray over our leadership: JD Vance, Jared, the Abrahamic Accords, and all this stuff.
I see a thing in the fields.
It's something coming up out of the ground that has black in the middle and white on the outer part; it looks like a bloom.
Is that a cotton plant, love?
I see a white bloom.
It is a cotton plant.
What does it have to do with Israel?
The fields are ripe for cotton.
John 4:35 says, "Say not ye, there are yet four months, and then cometh harvest?
Behold, I say unto you, lift up your eyes and look on the fields, for they are white already to harvest.
" And then the next verse says, "And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal, that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.
" The sower and the reaper are going to go hand in hand, and the fields are white with the harvest.
I saw that the cotton was ready to be picked.
It was white, but it had a black thing right in the middle of it.
It looked like a black-eyed pea with a white speck in the middle of the black, and white all around it.
There were fields full of it, and it looked like snow.
I was researching it, and it says, "If the field is ripe and ready for harvest, lots of bolls will be open showing white fibers, but the dark seed husk or dried parts might show up as specks against the white.
" If you're seeing this as a metaphor, like fields filled with ripe cotton, then the specks would show the material is mature and ready.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
It's time for the harvest.
It's ready to be reaped.
He's saying it's ready.
John, what did you say?
That was John 4:35 and 36.
Read it one more time: 'Say not ye, there are yet four months, and then cometh harvest?
Behold, I say unto you, lift up your eyes and look on the fields, for they are white already to harvest.
' And then the next verse says, 'And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal, and both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.
' Praise God.
The laborers.
He's excited about it.
I tell you, I feel the heart of the Father.
Release.
Hurry.
There's a burden in it.
I keep seeing that, delivering over these people the great cloud of the glory.
The glory of the Lord.
Delivering them from the depression.
Delivering them from spiritual depression, spiritual anxieties, and the spirits that try to take them down.
Don't be cast down.
I see spring flowers, but I know we're going into the late fall, but there's spring in the spirit realm concerning it all.
You've been believing, but it's time to be receiving.
It's time for the receiving.
What you've been believing for, it's time for the receiving.
We're praying into it.
What we're doing right now is we're praying into the revival, we're praying into the harvest.
The harvest is birthed out of prayer.
And we call the eyes to be flooded with light, for the eyes of the unbeliever have been blinded by the devil.
And we say their eyes are—the harvest is plentiful and the eyes are flooded with light.
For a flooding with light is coming on them in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Lord.
You can't be worried about those around you.
Listen, I see there's people that will walk in a great level of the glory.
And you'll have people that are just negative people trying to tell you, 'Well, you can't do that.
We know who you used to be.
' But you'll rise up in the days ahead with great victory and authority.
Do you understand?
And the Lord will shake the people who used to hang around you, the people who used to be influencing you.
Sometimes you've got to have new friends.
You can't take people having a small mentality into what you're doing.
And you can't tell everybody your business; they'll talk you out of it.
'Well, you know who you used to be.
You know what you used to do.
You are never going to walk that way.
' Listen, that's my past and God's called me to do this, and I can't take you with me.
You've got to shake some people off.
Maybe it's people around you at church.
They might go to church; they might be your social friends you go out to dinner with and they try to tell you, 'Hey, we don't see you doing that.
' But God's put it on me.
You've got to shake some old friends loose.
I'm trying to tell you something by the Spirit of God.
You've got to shake some friends loose.
Maybe some family.
I've got to do what God's called me to do.
You may not line up with that and that's fine, but you don't have to be in my circle.
So people from your old church or old friends might not be able to be in your inner circle anymore.
You've got to say, 'Hey, that was good for then, but it's not good for now.
' Our kids hung out together all these years, but you've got to know that God's calling you up to a higher level.
And they don't want to go to that level.
They like where they are.
But God's put a fire in you to do something more.
Not that you're better than anybody, but it's time for you to soar.
And if they want to cluck around like the chickens, you can't be with the chickens when God called you to be an eagle.
Sometimes you've got to let the chickens stay where they are and you flap your wings and say, 'Bye-bye, chicken.
I'm out of here because I can't stay around here clucking around like a chicken.
I'm going to soar like an eagle.
' And you've got to go up higher because that's where the fire is at.
And sometimes a fish tank, another metaphor, for instance, is sometimes you just outgrow the fish tank and you've got to go into a bigger fish tank.
It's like whenever I graduated high school.
The counselor said that I could skip a grade because I had so many credits.
And my friends were saying, 'Why would you want to do that?
Don't you want to just stay and graduate with your friends?
' But I was mission-minded.
And I said, 'The whole reason you come is to graduate, to get it done.
' So it didn't matter about the social part.
I've got to get out of this because I've got something more for God for me to do.
Don't stick around because of other people with small minds because you have something bigger on the inside of you.
Don't allow small-minded people to influence a big-minded vision.
A lot of times they think you're bragging.
They may think, 'Who does she think she is?
' What's inside of me is bigger than what I can physically tell you.
The Lord said this is just a stepping stone.
He said, 'Brandon, YouTube is just a stepping stone.
This is not your goal.
This is to get you from point A to point B.
This is the beginning of your ministry.
' It's like Billy Burke prophesied over me.
He said, 'Brandon, you haven't even entered ministry yet.
' This isn't what God's called me to do.
God told me to do it for a season.
Most people go, 'Oh, that means you're quitting YouTube.
' I never said that.
I said, 'This is a season for what I'm doing.
' It's to go from glory to glory.
And just like I said I started, this means there's going to be something more because I'm not camping here.
I know what he's told us even today in our prayer time cleaning the car.
What did God say?
What is he putting inside of you?
And most people are not going to be able to handle it because they're not called there.
You may be around people who are in ministry with you, and you start telling them your vision; they go on tilt because they are not called there.
God called you there.
So that is why I say you learn not to put all your stuff out for everybody to hear.
Keep your stuff to yourself sometimes because they can choke on your vision.
It is not for them to chew; they are choking on it.
They get a hold of your bone when you have your teeth in a big steak, and they are not ready for it.
They have baby gums and are choking on your vision because it was not meant for them to eat.
So do not cast your pearls before swine.
Keep your mouth shut and let God do what He is going to do in your life.
You do not need them in the first place because they did not get you there, so do not be telling everybody your business.
I tell little bits and pieces and see if they choke on it.
If I see they start choking, I pull the meat out of their mouth because they aren't ready for it.
Why?
Because it was not meant for them to hear.
God told you because your teeth are ready.
He told you that you are called to do something.
You have to know this: you are surrounding yourself with a bunch of baby porridge eaters, and God is raising you up to be a meat eater.
You are ready and you are going to start feeding the babies.
Do not allow the babies to influence the meat.
Well, I am not ready.
Well, that is you.
But God has called me and chosen me for such a time as this.
And you have to make sure that you are not clucking with the chickens, because the chickens will hold you back.
Do not allow the chickens to keep you in the barnyard.
You were just a wrong egg born in a barn.
You are an eagle, and you are looking around, thinking, 'I look different, man.
' There are birds out there that have really fluffy butts.
I do not know what is going on with these chickens, but look at me; I have big long wings.
And they are looking, saying, 'He looks a little different.
I do not think he is supposed to be here.
' Then you are flying out of the chicken yard.
There is a turkey, and all of a sudden, you realize there is something different.
All the dust is flying, and they are wondering what is going on.
You are there and they start scratching in the chicken yard, and you realize, 'Wow, that felt good to do that,' because I am made to soar like an eagle.
All that dirt comes up and those chickens are freaking out.
You go, 'It is time to eat.
' The chickens are running.
Bye-bye, chicken.
Do not allow the chickens to tell you that you are a chicken when you are an eagle.
Tell those chickens, 'I was born in here, but I am not raised like you, because I look different.
' Glory to God!
My beak is different.
My talons are different.
And I have been made to go high.
You have been made here to pluck on this ground, and I am not here to eat worms; I am going to eat fish.
You have to think bigger.
You have to stretch your capacity.
Do not allow yourself to be small-minded because of who you are hanging around.
It is time to shake the chickens off and fly higher.
Not that you are better, but do not get an arrogant attitude.
Always stay small in your own eyes, but you have to think about who you are hanging around.
That is amazing; I got that by the Spirit of God right then.
You may have been raised in there, but you aren't called to it.
Bye-bye, chicken.
I am not raised here.
I might have been in this chicken yard for a little bit, but I look different.
I think a little different.
My beak is different; it's made to tear things, not to pluck things.
Why do I feel different?
Like Buddy the Elf.
Buddy is real tall; he is the bass in the choir.
You remember that?
They used him to change light bulbs.
Buddy does not fit here.
Buddy the Elf does not fit here.
He is different.
His shoes do not fit right.
He does not even make the toys right.
Well, we have to get him out of here.
Well, he was adopted.
I am adopted, praise God!
I am not going to be a chicken.
I am an eagle, and I have a burden.
I have stretch marks.
I am pregnant with a vision.
You have to get more pregnant with the vision inside of you and know that just because your belly might be a little bigger than everybody else's, you have more pregnancy on the inside for what God has called you to do.
Do not allow the people who are barely conceived to say, 'Well, you are too big.
' Yeah, I am too big for this.
I have to think bigger.
And you have to find someone else who is pregnant like you are.
It is time to stretch.
It is time to believe God.
You cannot let small-minded people mess with you anymore.
I hear this by the Spirit of God.
Thank You, Lord, for those nuggets.
Brandon doesn't think that way; that is why when it is him, I go, 'Thank You, Jesus.
' I love it when he talks.
That was fresh off the press.
Boom.
And I approve this message.
That was amazing.
Drop the mic.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Bye-bye, chicken.
I have to go back and listen to this again.
It is the Lord, isn't it?
That is amazing.
Glory!
Well, that is what I had today.
Bye-bye, chicken.
The joy of the Lord is your strength.
I do not know if anybody else got anything else, but I felt like that was for me.
I just feel it: you cannot hang around a five-by-five if you are a ten-by-ten.
Your frame will crush their frame because they are just not made for it.
But all of us are useful.
A five-by-five is great, but a ten-by-ten—do not let the five-by-five tell you that you are too big.
I am just made from different wood.
I am bigger in this.
It is not made for you to judge.
God has called.
I have something so much bigger on the inside of me—bigger than a million subscribers, bigger than 1.
6 million subscribers.
I have something so much bigger in TV stations and radio stations, whatever God has for these end-time fields full of people.
Whatever He has to say, 'Hey, preach to these people and tell them I am coming.
' Be a John the Baptist of this generation and tell the people He is coming.
No, you are called to say the hard things.
You are not going to be popular in a lot of circles.
People are actually going to hate you, and that is fine.
I will do what You ask me to do, even if it is not popular.
They will try to hurt you.
That is fine.
I will do what You ask me to do.
And whenever I get on the other side, I won't be the janitor over there.
Glory to God!
I really appreciate all of you being here so late.
3,400 people.
I know it is really late, but I figured maybe you could not sleep and you wanted to pray.
I feel the Holy Ghost and fire to pray right now.
God, we have to stir up.
I feel a stirring in my spirit.
I feel fire shut up in my bones.
It is time for a revival in this nation.
This is when the spirit realm is active.
I don't know what it is about this time of night, but I feel the Holy Ghost and fire.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
We thank you, Lord, for today.
A stirring in the churches, Lord, a stirring in the people, calling back to repentance, calling back to the heart of God, calling back to holiness.
"Be holy as I am holy.
" That's what He said.
Don't be lazy.
There's a cleaning in the house.
Pastors that you see behind the platforms, they will not be—you understand?
No more.
If you're in hidden sin and you're behind the pulpit, there's a cleaning of the house coming.
Many of you are walking in compromise, and the Lord is bringing a Holy Ghost cleansing in the pulpits.
You say, "Well, I have a church of over 10,000," but I'm telling you, they'll be there one moment and they'll be gone the next.
God's bringing a cleansing because there's compromise in the church.
You don't know the difference between the world and the church right now in a lot of places.
And the Lord said, "I'm cleaning house.
" You're going to see people get cleaned out of the house.
There's going to be pastors preaching on the platform and they're going to fall over right there like Ananias and Sapphira.
I heard it again: they'll preach on the platform and fall over right there like Ananias and Sapphira.
This is about around the world—from sea to shining sea, every denomination, every tribe, every tongue, He's cleaning the house.
For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
A cleansing is taking place.
A great shaking is finishing all the way through 2025.
Going into 2026, watch—less than eight weeks left.
He's warned and warned.
I see one in particular in Australia right now.
A well-known minister in Australia will go home soon.
A major minister in Australia is about to have judgment come, an exposing.
But God's going to raise up a new one, a younger one to take the baton.
This is His chosen voice, and they'll be a major voice in Australia, able to stand against political pressure, for great pressure will come on the church on a greater scale in Australia in the days ahead.
Great pressure on a political scale like it will be in Canada and England with digital IDs.
They will come into Canada and Australia.
Digital IDs are about to be birthed in these areas, a great acceleration of this invasion of privacy like the social credit scores.
But this will be a young man of great courage who will walk with authority as he speaks.
People will be drawn to him.
There'll be an anointing that comes out of him and people will flock to him because of the glory.
He must stay small in his own eyes.
He's a skinny kid, looks healthy, not heavy.
He'll have a Holy Ghost "it factor" and he'll be very charismatic.
A Holy Ghost charismatic young man is coming to Australia and he'll be one of the catalysts for the revival there.
Why Canada?
Because in the spirit, Australia and Canada are the scorpion tail.
The Lord told me these two places will face great persecution.
I see Australia as a great catalyst for a great revival, but in Canada, it's an escalation.
They're almost on a scale together like on sluice boxes.
They're being sifted.
And it will go into England.
Watch it spread.
What's coming is from the king, the golden lizard.
The one in England.
And this is a scorpion tail.
He looks around him and it's marked, and it goes over to Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
There are attachments.
It goes into Germany and the Vatican.
Watch the Vatican and the Pope.
The Pope and the Vatican will reach out even more with the king, and you'll see a divine relationship form.
This is part of the beast system.
It is birthing even more in the days ahead with Leo.
That's his name.
This would be a shaking in the Catholic Church.
A major shaking will crack even the doors and the walls of the Catholic Church.
An aligning—this is part of the beast system.
I see Europe so strong right now.
I see Europe with social credit scores and digital IDs.
It will really start to take shape even more in 2026.
They're going to start stripping away people's freedoms, getting them ready with the virus.
It's all pre-planned to bring forth the beast system.
The next virus will start in Europe with rats.
Watch France.
Watch Emmanuel Macron, a tyrant.
You will see the forerunner to the antichrist, the Ishmael.
Watch France.
You're about to see an escalation of things.
It's like the cork of a champagne bottle.
You shake it, the cork shoots off, the pressure goes up, boom!
He is the pressure behind the cork.
You're about to see the champagne bottle.
It's interesting because champagne is in France.
I see the bubbly and the fizz, and all of a sudden he's like the pressure.
It takes off and it's like wow.
In the visions, I see what God shows me.
He does it in types and shadows.
We're so close to something huge about to take place.
It's all about bringing in the antichrist and the beast system.
It's all biblical.
We're all so close and so ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You should be so excited.
I'm excited.
I'm just like, man, all this is about the coming and where we are and God's coming forth and the glory.
It's like, praise the Lord.
I'm excited myself.
I just get excited about these.
I go, 'Thank you, Jesus, that we are born and have been chosen for such a time as this.
We are in that place of the glorious church.
' The chat, they're saying champagne is a French word.
Oh, so French it is.
I'm telling you, Emmanuel Macron, you better watch this, man.
Watch what he does with the King of England, Charles.
The stuff that happens with Charles in the days ahead, watch Charles and the Royals.
The lizard people.
It's amazing.
I just bumped it.
Sorry.
The golden lizards.
And then you have the Arabs and the sand lizards and you have the ones down in Europe.
And it's just very—this whole thing is really wild.
The Asians and the emperors and the royals and the things the Lord shows me clear down there.
And I just go, 'Man, Lord, we're so close.
' But it's all as in the days of Noah.
We're so close, folks.
Jesus is coming and I just go look at all what's going on.
So, we'll see what happens.
I don't know necessarily anything will happen with Atlas.
Don't know, but there's something coming, something.
Maybe it is Atlas.
So, glory to God.
Well, we love you.
Thank you for joining us.
That's really all I had.
I felt the release to stop.
Do you have anything?
No.
That was amazing.
I'm just excited to be a part.
Glory to God.
His presence was so strong here.
Yes.
Sit here and soak it in.
Go back and rewatch that.
What are you saying?
Say hi.
Okay.
Hi everybody.
That's Paisley.
She wanted to say hi.
She said hi everybody.
She's reading the comments.
Yeah.
What are they saying?
But there is something with Atlas.
I feel it then.
Yes.
I believe there is something with Atlas.
I do.
I don't know if it's necessary.
And now if that thing, if Atlas comes down, y'all, and starts hovering over the Vatican and over the temples, it's going to be really out there.
I'm just telling you.
I don't throw anything past where we are right now.
We're at a time like the Lord told us, you know, as of September 23rd, that a great acceleration we would start to see things.
Well, we've seen it ever since he said it, and it's been wild.
So, if we see Atlas, whatever this thing is, does anybody know when Atlas is supposed to come by the Earth?
How many days are we from that?
Is that this week?
Are we supposed to see that this week?
Is Atlas supposed to—isn't it, or something?
I forgot.
Like, are we getting close to this event?
Is it supposed to happen this week?
They're all saying hi to you, Pa.
They said they love you.
Thank you everybody.
I don't see anything about the Atlas thing.
Atlas came closest to Earth today.
Someone says so it was today.
Somebody said December 15th and then I see the 29th.
Closest approach on Earth December 19th, 2025.
December 19th is what mine says.
So we have a couple weeks left.
About six or seven weeks somewhere around there.
So it's getting close.
I see a lot of people saying October 29th and October 31st.
So this week, October this week.
So this week we should be seeing something maybe.
October 29th.
I don't know.
October.
Will it start to do something really big and start coming and then all of a sudden come and like a Jetson spacecraft and come down here and start doing something?
I'm telling you, I'm expecting something huge.
I keep seeing this thing that looks like a 12-foot-tall rock creature.
And I don't know, that's why I don't talk about it because it's so wild out there.
But this thing I've seen looks like a rock-looking pointy-looking head with rock arms that look like logs.
And it has an interview on the stage.
They talk to it with a huge crowd of people.
And I know that sounds way out there, but I'm telling you what I've seen.
And I'm like, how is that even possible?
But he sits down in a thing and he talks to the reporter and there's cameras and there's lights and there's all this stuff and it's like a huge interview.
How do you interview an alien?
I don't know how he talks English.
I don't know if he talks Spanish.
What does he talk—alien?
I don't know.
I just thought it was a wild open-eye vision.
This thing of what the Lord showed me that a great deception's coming.
And I go, 'We've never seen what we're about to see.
What is this, Lord?
' And that may sound way out there, but I just keep praying into this because I don't talk about it because I don't understand it all.
And that's why I say it's too even for my mind.
I'm not sci-fi.
It's just like this is too out there.
How does this thing—he moves like a giant.
He moves up and he sits on the stage and he starts talking like—what in the world is this?
This is fallen angel stuff.
What is this?
But I just keep praying in it and I don't get into it and talk about it because I don't understand it yet and I don't want to bring any confusion to the body of Christ.
And Brandon—they go 'Brandon's off in left field.
' I'm like, yeah, if I start talking about some of the things I see, it may sound really left field.
He is way out there.
Yeah, it sounds way out there.
They're saying somebody says that the Atlas thing—the closest to the sun October 29th, closest to Earth December 19th, and then they're saying October 31st goes behind the sun.
I don't know.
Wild.
There you go, Braden.
That's him right there.
Saying, 'Does it look like that?
' That's the way he looks like.
That's what that thing looks like.
What is that?
It's on.
There you go.
That's the way he looks.
See, Hollywood knows.
Take a picture of him.
Put that dude up there.
That's the way the guy looks like.
But he's 12-foot-tall.
He's huge.
He's like a massive thing.
And he looks like that.
He looks like a tree.
That's what it looks like.
Ain't that creepy?
But he's more rocky.
His arms are not as defined.
Those arms, what I saw, looked like stump arms, but his head looked like that.
And his body was not shaped like that guy has muscles.
It doesn't look like that.
He's more black.
He looks more rock, but his legs are identical, but his chest is not.
There's no muscle tone.
It looks like something out of a—like that, but it's not like you see muscles on that thing.
This had no definition.
It looks like one stump.
It's really creepy, isn't it?
I just go, 'Hollywood knows.
' They start making these things that look like something out of a thing and they go, 'Where did they get that idea from?
' You know, they had to get it from somewhere.
They're pulling it out of somewhere.
That's why there's so much demonic stuff going on in Hollywood.
What are they seeing?
What do they know?
Well, that's all right.
We're good.
Isn't the glory of God so awesome?
Wonderful.
So exciting.
Well, we want to tell you all thank you for joining us.
Could you do us a favor?
We always say this: Like, subscribe, click the notification bell.
Comment something nice down below.
Do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
We're not the most popular channel on YouTube.
They don't go, 'Hey, let's promote him.
' It's all because of word of mouth and people like you that we've gotten the algorithm the way we have.
It wasn't because they like us.
They want to promote the world.
They don't want to promote people praying in tongues and talking about casting out devils and flying away, not like a chicken.
So, we just want to tell you thank you.
Thank you for supporting us.
Thank you for all the little Super Thanks and all the things you all do, loving on us.
You've blessed us so much and we just want to say thank you for being the light you all are to our family and helping us and just loving on us the way you do.
It gives us encouragement to keep standing.
When you have people in your corner believing and praying with you, it really encourages you when you don't feel you're alone.
I just want to say thank you guys.
We love you all so much.
It's a huge deal whenever you go, 'Hey, they support us.
They pray with us.
' Regardless if you were here or not, we pray all the time as a family.
But the Lord said, 'Make it public and teach the people to pray and pray with them.
' I'm so thankful that you all give us a chance and let us come into your homes the way you do on a day-to-day basis.
And you trust us to let us pray with you.
Your kids come up to us and they love on us.
'Hey, we see you on TV or whatever,' and they love on us.
It's so cute to see these little kids.
They pray and they're getting saved.
They're little ones, five-year-olds, six-year-olds.
And it's exciting to see the children say they're praying and they're excited to hear the word.
Good job, parents.
Raising them right, teaching your kids to pray.
So, we love you and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
We know it's late.
I'm sure in America you're like, 'I'm already past falling asleep at the computer,' or whatever.
But we just want to tell you, God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We'll see you again soon.
God bless you all.